----------
Okkhor52 Originals Fonts End User License Agreement (EULA)
----------
Name: Ruposhi Bangla
Type: Unicode & ANSI (V1 & V2)
Style: Regular, Italic, Bold & Bold Italic
Format: Opentype features enabled TrueType Format (ttf).
Version: 2
Copyright: Copyright © 2022 by Okkhor52 Originals. All rights reserved.
Embedding Rights: Preview & Print Embedding Allowed
Designer: Niladri Shekhar Bala
Designer/ Type Foundry URL: https://lipighor.com
Re Release Date : Wed Nov 16 - 2022
License: This font software is licensed for commercial & non-commercial use according to the terms of the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts End User License Agreement (below). For more information regarding licensing, please contact- okkhor52@gmail.com
_____
*****Disclaimer:- All the fonts of Okkhor52 Originals are designed by various fresh designers and build by Okkhor Originals. These Brand new fonts are developed by Okkhor52 Originals . We've made agreement with type designers. Okkhor52 Originals holds the copyright of these fonts. 
_____

Okkhor52 Originals Fonts End User License Agreement-

The use of all Okkhor52 Originals Fonts is subject to the terms of this Okkhor52 Originals Fonts End User License Agreement (the License).

By downloading any of the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts, you (the Licensee) agree to the following terms of use for the fonts:-

The Okkhor52 Originals Fonts are published by okkhor52.com (which is focused to provide Bangla fonts free of charge), a non-exclusive, non-assignable license to use the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts for commercial & non-commercial purposes (as defined below), subject to all of the terms and conditions of this License. 

Ownership and Permitted Use:-

The digital font software copyright and any protected design rights in the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts are the property of okkhor52.com. The name Okkhor52 Originals Fonts and the names of the individual Okkhor52 Originals Fonts are trademarks of okkhor52.com. Copyrights in any documentation provided by okkhor52.com will be the property of okkhor52.com.

Under this License, individuals and institutions may make commercial & non-commercial use of the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts. 

A non-commercial use is any scholarly or educational use of Okkhor52 Originals Fonts for which there is no direct or indirect charge. The following are examples of non-commercial use: use in publications, in any format, for which there is no charge; use in the classroom (physical or virtual); use in the exchange of materials between scholars. 

A commercial use is any use of Okkhor52 Originals Fonts for which any fee or income is paid to  Licensee or any other person. The following are examples of commercial use:- sale or license of fonts in any format or medium; use of fonts in a book, journal or other publication, in print or electronic format, that is for sale; use of the fonts in a website, or in a publication or other work posted on a website, that charges any fee for access or use.

Specific Conditions of Use

1. Licensee has no rights to the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts other than as expressly set forth in this License. 

2. Licensee may not sell, rent, lease, sublicense, give, lend, or further distribute or transfer the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts, or any copy thereof, or any individual components or the documentation, for use by any other person except as expressly provided in this License. 

3. Licensee acknowledges that the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts are protected by copyright and other intellectual property law. Licensee may not copy the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts, except as expressly provided in this License. Any copies that Licensee makes must reproduce all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices that appear on or in the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts. Licensee may not adapt, modify, alter, translate, convert, or otherwise change the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts, or create derivative works from Okkhor52 Originals Fonts or any portion thereof. Licensee may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts. Licensee agrees to use trademarks associated with the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts only to identify printed output produced by the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts. Licensee may not change any trademark or trade name designation for the Okkhor52 Originals Fonts.

4. This License shall be governed by and interpreted under the copyright laws of the Bangladesh & Indian Government. All disputes that may arise in connection with this License shall be adjudicated exclusively in the competent court in the Bangladesh or India.

5. This License shall automatically terminate upon failure by Licensee (or any agent or representative) to comply with its terms.

License Info URL: https://okkhor52.com/EULAoriginals.html
Manufacturer: okkhor52.com
Vendor: okkhor52.com
Vendor URL: https://okkhor52.com